Improve plants/plant plugin (#4632)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/plugins/regrass.rst

    existing and depleted grass, and converting ashes and muddy stone (if
    respective blocks ever had grass.)
``regrass 10,10,100 -baudnm``
    Regrass the block that contains the given coord; converting ashes, muddy
    stone, and tiles under buildings; adding all compatible grass types, and
    filling each grass type to max.
``regrass -f``
    Regrass the entire map, refilling existing and depleted grass, else filling
    with a randomly selected grass type if non-existent.
``regrass -l``
    Print all valid grass raw IDs for use with ``--plant``. Both numerical and
    string IDs are provided. This ignores all other options and skips regrass.
``regrass -zf -p 128``
    Regrass the current z-level, refilling existing and depleted grass, else
    filling with ``underlichen`` if non-existent.
``regrass here -bnf -p "dog's tooth grass"``
    Regrass the selected block, adding all compatible grass types to block data,
    ``dog's tooth grass`` if no compatible types exist. Refill existing grass
    on each tile, else select one of the block's types if depleted or
    previously non-existent.

Options
-------

``-l``, ``--list``

>     Print all available grass raw IDs and skip regrass. For use with
>     ``--plant``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    List all available grass raw IDs that you can later pass to the
    ``--plant`` option. The map will not be affected when running
    with this option.
```

    specified.
``-p <grass_id>``, ``--plant <grass_id>``
    Specify a grass type for the ``--force`` option. ``grass_id`` is not
    case-sensitive, but must be enclosed in quotes if spaces exist. A numerical

>     ID can also be used. Providing an empty string with "" will print all

Author: Is this not a documentation of how to get the ID? `regrass -p ""` is also listed explicitly in the examples.
